{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tasks:\
\
Saura - array beam, 4x individual antennas\
\
1) Plot the spectra for receiver 1 and one of the other four for all ranges for magnitude and phase (use e.g. pcolor). Maintain a proper frequency axis scaling... (also for the latter plots)\
\
2) Compare the spectra for:\
a) superposition of the time series of receiver channels 2-5\
b) combination of the individual spectra of receiver channels 2-5\
\
3) Apply a suitable number of coherent and/or incoherent integrations (CI/NCI) to the data and show the spectra for the receiver 1 and one of the other four for all ranges for magnitude and phase (use e.g. pcolor). Compare with 1) !\
\
4) Derive and show the cross-spectra for receiver channel 2-5 in magnitude and phase. Use the integrated data as CI/NCI applied in 3).\
\
\
MAARSY - array beam, 3x subarray\
1st RAW (vertical beam, 30s?)\
5) Get the 1st MAARSY RAW file and Apply a suitable number of coherent and/or incoherent integrations to the data and show the spectra for the receiver 1 and one of the other three for all ranges for magnitude and phase (use e.g. pcolor). \
Also derive and show the cross-spectra in magnitude and phase for receiver 2-4.\
\
2nd RAW (vertical beam, 1day)\
6) Get the 2nd MAARSY RAW file and \
a) plot the echo power for all ranges for receiver 1 and the superposition of the other three.\
b) Derive the Angle-of-Arrival for the receiver channel 2-4 for each time sample (e.g. pcolor plots for phi, theta).\
\
\
7) Interferometry - the shared RAW is NOT used HERE! -> SYNTHETIC !\
Create your own sensor layout (circular (ring), spiral, random) in x-y-plane.\
Use 6 sensors and test those for 2 different distributions (distances/spacing ~1 WL) between the sensors.\
First, assume equal phasing for all sensors and verify the vertical looking angle. (show corresponding plot)\
Simulate the coverage area (possible AOA-positions), by e.g. test MANY random phases for the sensors and derive the positions.\
}